## MAVLink ##

*   Website: http://qgroundcontrol.org/mavlink/
*   Source: https://github.com/mavlink/mavlink
*   Mailing list: [Google Groups](http://groups.google.com/group/mavlink)

MAVLink -- Micro Air Vehicle Message Marshalling Library.

This is a library for lightweight communication between Micro Air Vehicles (swarm) and/or ground control stations.

This documentation is being written as though it were a stand-alone node module, though the generator source code is what matters, and that lives in the ```mavlink/mavlink``` repo.

Messages definitions are created in XML, and then converted into multiple languages.  This package contains some code that is autogenerated, with some tests and additional shims to expose the library for use in a runtime environment.

### Generating the JS implementation ###

Files in the ```implementations/``` directory are automatically generated from XML manifests that are in the (mavlink/mavlink)[https://github.com/mavlink/mavlink] project.  If you wish to generate custom MAVLink packets, you would need to follow the directions there.

### Usage ###

To use MAVLink:

```javascript
  require('mavlink');
```

*TODO* Not sure yet how the various different message files will be handled in this environment.

### License ###

MAVLink is licensed under the terms of the Lesser General Public License of the Free Software Foundation (LGPL). As MAVLink is a header-only library, compiling an application with it is considered "using the libary", not a derived work. MAVLink can therefore be used without limits in any closed-source application without publishing the source code of the closed-source application.

See the *COPYING* file for more info.

### Credits ###

&copy; 2009-2012 [Lorenz Meier](mailto:mail@qgroundcontrol.org)
